hi guys so today i'm going to be
reacting to
my final assignment grade for my
statistics course
and also taking a mock exam i can't wait
[Music]
okay so i have got my laptop
i've been sent an email which has my
grade in basically the way this works is
i
complete four assignments over the
course of
the lead up to exams and this is my
final assignment i will get both
a percentage mark for the questions i
got right
and then also a grade like abcd
a is the highest you can get i'm not
sure how far it goes down but i'm
presuming you can fail
if you do that bad i've obviously
already got my
grades back for the first three
assignments and i'll share those with
you guys later but
i haven't actually looked at my grade
for my fourth assignment yet so i
thought you know what let's just start
off the video
by reacting to my assignment grade i'm
particularly interested
about the mark i get in this assignment
because it was the
first assignment and only assignment of
the four that i
actually bothered to type up in
microsoft word
because that's how we have to do the
exams we have to type our answers in
microsoft word
no i can't use latex i know everyone
thinks i need to use latex i think i
need to use
latex but i'm not allowed to so really
i'm kind of looking
not only at my grade but also the
feedback they give me for
the notation i've used in microsoft word
and whether i've been clear enough
i'm actually a bit nervous to open up my
grade although i shouldn't be nervous
because to be fair
i did not do this in timed conditions i
did this over the course of a few days
when the whole question set is supposed
to take like
three hours 45 minutes or something like
that so i nowhere near did it to time
conditions
so this grade isn't actually a true
reflection of where i'm at i'm probably
doing worse than this grade
and also i had a glance at the answers
for one or two questions
i know i shouldn't have to be fair i was
really good for the majority of the
assignment and for all the other
assignments i did not look at the
solutions
but for this one i cave you're probably
very quickly realizing the app page has
just you know cheated her way through
this assignment she didn't do it under
time conditions
she looked at the answers for one or two
questions but it's just to get a feel of
where i'm at and where my
understanding's at at this point it's
not a mock exam my mock exam i'm doing
later today and the mark i get for that
is going to be
a much truer reflection of where i'm at
also
didn't mention the people who are
marking it are acted who are the company
who supply all the study materials
and run tutorials and stuff like that i
don't even say what i'm studying
i am studying actuarial statistics i'm
taking the ifoa
exams institute and faculty of actuaries
trying to become a qualified actuary
this is my first exam sitting
haven't ever taken any ifoa exams before
it's my first time sitting exams to work
towards a professional qualification
it's exciting my exams are in about a
month's time and am i gonna pass who
knows
cool let's open it up oh my god that's
good i got a gray a
yes i think that's a full house i got an
a in every single assignment
on top of that i scored 78 i don't know
what the boundaries are
but i'll take that 78 okay let's bear in
mind that i looked at the answers for
one or two questions so i reckon i can
knock off like
five percent maximum eight percent maybe
i'll knock myself down to seventy
percent i wonder if that's still an a
that might still be an a if the
boundary's 70. that's not bad
you know i'm flitting between panic and
yes i've got this i'm so motivated
please go to
this marking site to download your
marked assignment i would love to do
that
download your marked script okay so here
is
my feedback this is an assignment that
clearly demonstrates you have good
knowledge and understanding
of most of the topics covered in this
part of the course well done
i would recommend you revisit the notes
concerning generalized linear models
especially the exponential family model
fitting
and comparison and the saturated model
okay the fact that i'm getting confused
with even those words there means i
definitely need to revisit the chapter
you also lost several marks through poor
exam technique
all right that hurts my feelings
always read the question carefully and
at least twice to make sure that you
fully understood what's being asked and
that you can answer all that is required
oh no i hate it when i don't read the
question properly that is the
worst way to lose marks without a doubt
regarding the time taken oh yes so i put
in
a note saying i literally spent hours on
this
assignment typing it all up was painful
and they said you could save some time
by not rewriting information given in
the question
it helps me get my heading gear with the
question if i write out
like rewrite out the key bits of info in
the question
but also it takes time and when i'm
actually
typing the questions it's not so easy to
do that so they are right i should stop
doing that
you could save a significant amount of
time by not trying to produce perfect
notation in your answers
overall your work was of a good standard
clearly and logically presented
keep up the good work okay i've made it
absorbed by the constant
final answers should be given to at
least four significant figures
that seems overkill oh yeah i know they
were right i should have done that i
should have done that
okay looking for the feedback is making
me stressed even though i know i've got
of the marks everywhere i've lost marks
i'm like oh my god why is that
that's my final assignment done good
news
next thing i need to do is my mock exam
this
is like a more formal mock exam
and also i think they share my mock exam
results with
my company so my line manager isn't
going to be too disappointed in me i was
going to prepare more for the muk exam
and then take it but i've just thought
to myself no
i just need to plunge into it and get
going on past papers
i was supposed to do my mock exam
earlier this week
but i've had a bit of a mare with client
work
i had to write a report
and it was a very long report it was my
first time writing a report of its kind
so it's been quite a struggle and it
spent some quite long hours over the
last few days
and i had to cancel my mock exam day and
shift it until next week
but also i want to get the mock exam
done sooner rather than later so i'm
doing my mock exam
today and i'm just going to take my mock
exam
day as a study day next week i
definitely do need to get this
exam done it's actually a two-parter and
i'm only gonna do the first part today
because the second part is in r i wish i
could say i was an r
expert at this point but i'm just not
yet i i again i need to practice
more exam style questions using r am i
worried yeah it's kind of hit me now
that studying alongside a full-time job
is quite a lot of work even with the
study leave they give us
right with that i'm gonna go set myself
up get myself the
ifoa suggested microsoft word notation
sheet to use as a cheat sheet i'm gonna
kind of lay out all my notes because the
exams are open book and
probably get up the digital notes as
well so i can search through it quickly
if i need to find something
oh i told you i was going to go through
my other assignment grades didn't i
i forgot i did the best in assignment
one i got 90
but that's expected because assignment
one was the most basic stuff of the
course it was the start of the course
assignment 2 was my weakest i got 73
assignment 3 i got 77 and assignment 4 i
got 78.
just jumping in here with a brief
interlude to deliver a very important
message
the census 2021 is here this is a really
important survey
that gives us a picture of all the
households and people in
england and wales and it happens once
every 10 years
it's really really important that all
students in england and worlds
including international students
complete this census
and that's because the information
provided by students will help inform
funding decisions that affect the
student community and the overall
university experience
for example information supplied by
students now is going to help in
predicting educational requirements in
the future
how many places do schools need how many
places do universities need
also transport links the censors can
help identify areas with particularly
poor transport links
and we'll also be looking at where
students live in relation to campus
they'll be looking at where university
bus links are needed or need improving
and that's just to name a few areas that
the census will impact the student
community
it only takes 10 minutes to complete so
you need to get on it
and this is how you can do it log on to
the census website and get a code
texted to you you can then use this code
that's been texted to you
to fill out the census and from there
just follow the instructions
on the census website and make sure you
do it for your university address
just to be clear students need to be
included in a census form for both their
home address and
their term time address so yeah i've
completed the census
you should go fill it out too i'll leave
a link in the description it's
census.gov dot uk
go fill it out okay i'm upstairs now and
i'm about to settle for my exam but i've
just remembered
i received this package the other day
and i
think it is study materials it could
even be a paper version of the mock exam
no it's basically more papers
with work solutions and they're
essentially
mocks that i'm going to do for myself
but they're not the official mock i
think i actually probably already have
the official mock
somewhere in my other box of study
[Music]
materials
okay so i finished the mock
i did it in three hours and 15 minutes i
was good and stuck to time
i typed it inward i did everything that
i'd be expected to do in the actual exam
i've just counted through and i've only
answered like
three quarters of the questions so
that's 25
gone already because i haven't even
answered the questions
um and am i confident that i've got
everything i've answered 100
correct no so i'm not sure i'm feeling
too hopeful
for the mark i get back for this walk
but it is the first paper i have done
under exam conditions so you know
i'm gonna go easy on myself when i
started the mork i started to panic
because i felt like i couldn't answer
anything and i was like
skipping over questions trying to find
something i could answer and i felt like
i couldn't answer anything
then i relaxed a bit more i did take my
time a bit i had to look at the notes a
bit because i'd forgotten parts of the
course and that definitely slowed me
down
i feel like it's doable to get me to a
point where i can pass
in a month's time i don't need to be
able to pass right now because
the exams in a month oh it's virtual
coffee break time with my uni friends
so i think i'm gonna round up this video
here i don't have much more to say
all i'm gonna do is submit this mock for
marking now honestly the mockers just
reminded me that if i don't do the
question practice
i won't pass the exam i cannot expect to
do well in this exam
if i don't put the time in and practice
questions
thanks for watching guys give the video
a like if you enjoyed it
subscribe to my channel follow my
instagram and i'll see you soon with
another video
bye
[Music]